Adds command `spo list defaultValue set` (#6558)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/list/list-defaultvalue-set.mdx

import Global from '/docs/cmd/_global.mdx';

# spo list defaultvalue set

Sets default column values for a specific document library

## Usage

```sh
m365 spo list defaultvalue set [options]
```

## Options

```md definition-list
`-u, --webUrl <webUrl>`
: URL of the site where the list is located.

`-i, --listId [listId]`
: ID of the list. Specify either `listTitle`, `listId`, or `listUrl`.

`-t, --listTitle [listTitle]`
: Title of the list. Specify either `listTitle`, `listId`, or `listUrl`.

`--listUrl [listUrl]`
: Server- or site-relative URL of the list. Specify either `listTitle`, `listId`, or `listUrl`.

`--fieldName <fieldName>`
: Internal name of the field.

`--fieldValue <fieldValue>`
: Default value of the field.

`--folderUrl [folderUrl]`

> : Set the value to a specific folder. By default, the root folder of the list is used.

Reviewer: I'd propose we specify the type of URL that's expected here as well:

```suggestion
: Set the value for a specific folder by specifying a server- or site-relative URL. By default, the root folder of the list is used.
```
